feat: 3615 feature update openai fine tuning with gpt 35 turbo 0613 to argillatrainer (#3668)
recognai/rubrix: docs/_source/guides/llms/practical_guides/fine_tune.md

We plan on adding more support for other tasks and frameworks so feel free to reach out on our Slack or GitHub to help us prioritize each task.

| Task/Framework                  | TRL  | OpenAI | SetFit | spaCy | Transformers | PEFT |
|:--------------------------------|:-----|:-------|:-------|:------|:-------------|:-----|

> | Text Classification             |      |        |  ✔️     | ✔️     | ✔️            | ✔️    |

Reviewer: Is `Text Classification` not supported for OpenAI now?

Author: Not for the `FeedbackTask`. I did not want to spend time on it due to the legacy fine-tuning methodology.

|:-----------------------------------|:-----------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------|
| for_text_classification            | `text-label`                 | `Union[Tuple[str, str], Tuple[str, List[str]]]`                                  | ✔️      |
| for_supervised_fine_tuning         | `text`                       | `Union[str, Iterator[str]]`                                            | ✗      |
| for_reward_modeling                | `chosen-rejected`            | `Union[Tuple[str, str], Iterator[Tuple[str, str]]]`                    | ✗      |
| for_proximal_policy_optimization   | `text`                       | `Union[str, Iterator[str]]]`                                            | ✗      |
| for_direct_preference_optimization | `prompt-chosen-rejected`     | `Union[Tuple[str, str, str], Iterator[Tuple[str, str, str]]]`          | ✗      |
| for_chat_completion                | `chat-turn-role-content` | `Union[Tuple[str, str, str, str], Iterator[Tuple[str, str, str, str]]]`| ✗      |

> 

Reviewer: Just a note here, that Markdown is rendered even though the spacing is not strict, so probably there's no need to add all those spaces as it will still be rendered equally

Author: Yes, It is more about internal readability.

print(output_text)
# Yes it is, toads are a sub-classification of frogs.
```

### Chat Completion

#### Background

> With the rise of chat-oriented models under OpenAI's ChatGPT, we have seen a lot of interest in the use of LLMs for chat-oriented tasks. The main difference between chat-oriented models and the other LLMs is that they are trained on a differently formatted dataset. Instead of using a dataset of prompts and responses, they are trained on a dataset of conversations. This allows them to generate responses that are more conversational in nature. OpenAI is one framework that [supports this kind of training](https://openai.com/blog/gpt-3-5-turbo-fine-tuning-and-api-updates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the rise of chat-oriented models under OpenAI's ChatGPT, we have seen a lot of interest in the use of LLMs for chat-oriented tasks. The main difference between chat-oriented models and the other LLMs is that they are trained on a differently formatted dataset. Instead of using a dataset of prompts and responses, they are trained on a dataset of conversations. This allows them to generate responses that are more conversational in nature. And, OpenAI does support fine-tuning LLMs for chat-completion use cases. More information at https://openai.com/blog/gpt-3-5-turbo-fine-tuning-and-api-updates.
```

::::{tab-set}

::: {tab-item} conversation

```bash
User: Hello, how are you?
Agent: I am doing great!
User: When did Virgin Australia start operating?
Agent: Virgin Australia commenced services on 31 August 2000 as Virgin Blue.
User: That is incorrect. I believe it was 2001.
Agent: You are right, it was 2001.
```

:::

::: {tab-item} prompt-completion

```bash
### Instruction
When did Virgin Australia start operating?

### Context
Virgin Australia, the trading name of Virgin Australia Airlines Pty Ltd, is an Australian-based airline.
It is the largest airline by fleet size to use the Virgin brand.
It commenced services on 31 August 2000 as Virgin Blue, with two aircraft on a single route.
It suddenly found itself as a major airline in Australia's domestic market after the collapse of Ansett Australia in September 2001.
The airline has since grown to directly serve 32 cities in Australia, from hubs in Brisbane, Melbourne and Sydney.

### Response:
{to be generated by SFT model}
```

:::

::::

#### Training

> ```{include} /_common/dolly_dataset_load.md

Reviewer: Is this the correct reference?
